README.md, before:

# mirth-plugins
Plug-ins for Mirth Connect

## LDAP Authenticator

Provides authentication through an LDAP service.

## MFA (Multi-factor authentication) Authenticator

Provides TOTP MFA for Mirth.

Note that the LDAP and MFA plug-ins can be used together if desired.

## Contributions

I welcome contributions to these plug-ins. Please fork my repository and issue
PRs to me if you think there are improvements to be made.

## Acknowledgements

Mirth Corporation has funded the development of a wonderful product. I could
not do my job without their stewardship of Mirth Connect (now Nextgen Connect).

Members of the Mirth community (e.g. the Slack channel):

  [Jon Bartels](https://github.com/jonbartels) @jonb in Mirth's slack channel

## License

I have chosen The Apache Licence 2.0 as the license for this plug-in. I believe
this license to be compatible and appropriate for plug-in development for
Mirth Connect. Please contact me if you believe there is a conflict and I
will review the terms.

Commit message:

Add Tony Germano to list of acknowledgements.

README.md, after:

# mirth-plugins
Plug-ins for Mirth Connect

## LDAP Authenticator

Provides authentication through an LDAP service.

## MFA (Multi-factor authentication) Authenticator

Provides TOTP MFA for Mirth.

Note that the LDAP and MFA plug-ins can be used together if desired.

## Contributions

I welcome contributions to these plug-ins. Please fork my repository and issue
PRs to me if you think there are improvements to be made.

## Acknowledgements

Mirth Corporation has funded the development of a wonderful product. I could
not do my job without their stewardship of Mirth Connect (now Nextgen Connect).

Some Members of the Mirth community have been very helpful to my efforts. They
are, in alphabetical order by surname:

  [Jon Bartels](https://github.com/jonbartels) @jonb in Mirth's slack channel
  [Tony Germano](https://github.com/tonygermano) @agermano in Mirth's slack channel

## License

I have chosen The Apache Licence 2.0 as the license for this plug-in. I believe
this license to be compatible and appropriate for plug-in development for
Mirth Connect. Please contact me if you believe there is a conflict and I
will review the terms.
